---
layout: post
title:  "Setting Up EC2 Instance:"
date:   2021-02-19 20:47:47 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---

Day 1

GravityView is a commercial plugin available from https://gravityview.co. The plugin is hosted here on a public GitHub repository to better facilitate community contributions from developers and users. If you have a suggestion, a bug report, or a patch for an issue, feel free to submit it here.

If you are using the plugin on a live site, please purchase a valid license from the website. We cannot provide support to anyone that does not hold a valid license key.

Unit Tests
The plugin uses PHPUnit as part of the development process. We offer preconfigured Docker containers and a custom Bash script to facilitate running tests against multiple PHP and WordPress versions in a predictable environment. Visit our Tooling repo for information regarding how to configure and run tests.

Acceptance Tests
The plugin uses Codeception for acceptance testing. To configure and run tests:

Install and configure Docker
Configure environment variables by running:
export GRAVITYFORMS_KEY=[YOUR GRAVITY FORMS KEY HERE]
export GRAVITYVIEW_KEY=[YOUR GRAVITYVIEW KEY HERE]
export PLUGIN_DIR=[/path/to/gravityview]
Finally, cd to the GravityView plugin directory and run docker-compose -f tests/acceptance/docker/docker-compose.yml run codeception
See Codeception commands reference for a full list of available flags.

Acknowledgements
We are thankful to the following services and open source software that help enhance our plugin:

BrowserStack - Automated browser testing
Flexibility - Adds support for CSS flexbox to Internet Explorer 8 & 9
Gamajo Template Loader - Makes it easy to load template files with user overrides
jQuery Cookie plugin - Access and store cookie values with jQuery
PHPEnkoder - Email address obfuscation